# Extraordinary General Meeting (18/10/2023 - 18:30)

## Present

-   George Peppard
-   Alex Colville (Secretary)
-   Tommy Poll (President)
-   Mihai Stefan Merlas (Treasurer)
-   JianHui Zhao

## Agenda

-   Committee elections
-   Bank account and signatories
-   Competition
-   Smallpeice

## Minutes

### Committee elections

-   George Peppard was elected as the new marketing officer
-   -   3 votes, 1 abstained
-   Alex Colville was elected as the new summer school lead
-   -   4 votes
-   Votes were counted by the President, who did not partake in the votes.
-   Election concluded

### Bank account and signatories

-   We have a bank account with Barclays, we don't want it anymore.
-   The old signatories are both ex-committee members who are no longer at the University.
-   Tommy is in contact with Anton (signatory).
-   We want to open a new bank account with Metro, and transfer existing funds from Barclays to the new Metro account.
-   The signatories will be
-   -   Mihai Stefan Merlas
-   -   Tommy Poll
-   To open the account, we need to bring:
-   -   Constitution
-   -   Minutes of this EGM
-   -   List of signatories
-   -   1 proof of ID
-   -   2 proofs of address
-   Members voted to move to Metro bank with the signatories above. (3 votes, 1 abstained)
-   -   Votes were counted by the President, who did not partake in the vote.

### Competition

-   We plan to run a hackathon-style competition in February
-   We may have a source of funding, but this is yet to be determined
-   We will aim to collaborate with ECSS and RoboSoc to achieve this

### Smallpeice

-   We hope to run another summer school next year.
-   We are expecting confirmation from Smallpeice by the end of October 2023.
-   We plan to start preparing for the summer school at the beginning of 2024.

