Meeting Minute - 2019-10-11
===
###### tags: `Meeting`
-------------------------------------------------------------

:::info
- **Location:** 53/4025
- **Date:** 2019-10-11
- **Agenda**
1. Freshers events
2. Jamboree
3. SP2020
4. Cupboard move
5. AOB
- **Participants:**
    - Dan Trickey (DT)
    - Dan Hobson (DH)
    - Joe Morton (JM)
    - Jack Williamson (JW)
    - Will Barber (WB)
- **Chair:** DH <dsh1g18@soton.ac.uk>
- **Minutes:** JM <jm3n18@soton.ac.uk>
- **Minutes Archive:** - [Available here](https://github.com/s-r-o/minutes/)

:::

-------------------------------------------------------------

# Agenda
1. Freshers events
    - Do both hardware and software on Monday?
        - JW (not a good idea to make people decide, since they should get skills in both) 
        - DT (PCB design is not useful, we should be focussing on stuff for summer school)
        - freshers bots untested
        - cancel hack weekend next weekend and move intro to hardware session to give time to test freshers bots
        - Use Monday for Python Tornado tour with a second on 28-oct
            - ADVERTISE widely (outside SRO)
        - website has been updated (google sheet is view only)
        - move hardware design later (18-NOV?)
        - is future worlds event still happening (not heard from them)

2. Jamboree
    - Dennis running events at Scouts Shooting Jamboree
    - Charlie, Anton, Dan T, Dan H, Jack, Tommy? volunteering to help
    - Take competition robots,  maybe bit bots (too simple)?
    - need more laptops, Dennis has laptops which may not be powerful enough, Jules is currently unaccesable 
    - NEED Lipos, chargers, spare kit, ways of mounting spare kit (e.g. zip ties)

    - We should set up the Dennis arena at some point so that we know what it looks like

    - we should download 2013 video
    - take cubes, but vision wont work in time
3. SP2020
    - sp2020 schedule has been updated with broad overview of tasks. The github task list will be more granular
    - need to chase up servo board manufacture with Son and talk to him about SP
    - Named roles: We don't have a smallpeice lead at the moment. We will need an EGM to elect someone
4. Cupboard move
    - need to sort out card access to B32
    - need to decide a date for moving (9-10 november is the proposed weekend)

    - Dan H to send an email to Geoff asking for card access and a block booking for a room in 32
5. AOB
    - Dianne (SR) wants to meet regarding storage of SR kit


-------------------------------------------------------------

## ACTION POINTS
- DH: Write email for Monday, get it distributed
- ?: Social media posts about Monday
- JM: Test freshers bots
- ?: Confirm Future worlds event
- several: Organise things for Jamboree
- DH: Email Son about meeting to kick off and servo boards
- DH: Email Geoff about B32 card access and room booking
- DH: Email Dianne about meeting


## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->
