# Meeting 2018-02-19 Minutes
- Science and Engineering Family day
    - **Has been cancelled!** 
    - Cancelled because of strikes
    - This is very sad :'(
        - University wants to run similar events later in the year based off the work that was prepared for this event

- Tech day / Update reflection
    - James has partial minutes from Pub
    - Two teams turned up
        - Only confirmed two days before
            - This is too lates
        - Get room confirmed two weeks before next time
        - Boldrewood: We have to pay for cleaning and security
            - About £250
                - Out of budget
        - Alternatives to 25:
            - Level 2 Labs

- We **finally** have a meeting with Doakely and Npalmer
    - Discuss things to talk to them about
    - 2:30pm Tuesday. Anton is in charge
        - Building 20
        - Neil Palmer's office
            - If we make them angry, it will be worse than licking the sockets
        - Andy will be there.
        - Push for using the mech workshop + drill press
            - Summer school has access to this
    - Taken WEEKS to get this meeting
    - They have said no three times
    - Give them like all the informations
    - Loads of risk assessments
        - e.g don't lick the sockets, because it might be a 9V battery
    - How many adults, supervisors, children etc

- _Welcome Pack_
    - Who added this?
    - When a member joins SB, what services should they have access to (trello, drive etc)
    - We have new people today so this is important
    - We should create a Python style guide

- Mediawiki
    - https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Hosting_services
    - Free services exist.
    - https://meta.miraheze.org/wiki/Miraheze
    - http://www.referata.com/wiki/Main_Page
    - "Referata is not able to handle secure access to any of its sites, including itself. Secure logins with SSL using "Secure Hyper Traffic Transfer Protocols" (HTTPS) require additional settings which are not being used on Referata at the moment, maybe in the future."
    - Good luck with GDPR.
    - https://www.nuclino.com/pricing
    - None of these seem that good.
    - Host on Docs instead
        - Have a separate subdomain (i.e. volunteer.sourcebots.org), with netlify.
        - This is nice and central
        - Have a 'volunteering' tab in the docs.
        - Public facing and nice
        - Gitify all the things
        - Can be reviewed in pull requests
        - Could be a barrier to new people
            - StackEdit: WYSIWYG 
        - Uploading images is a pain.
        - If we do this, it's very important that we have a working 'edit in github' button.

        - We need a CONTRIBUTING file
            - *ACTION POINT*: Henry to look into how Wikipedia handles this.
        -  We need to make docs for what docs we need to create

- Docs
    - /static/docs is an unclear name
    - Issue has been opened

- **Tutorials**
    - Plan to run tutorials on how our systems work, so we can get newbies introduced to the codebase.
        - These need to be pre-planned.
    - *Action Point*: Andy to do an Overview talk next week.

- Dev Environments

    - Vagrant
        - Have some sort of VM/container to spin up.
        - It would be good to have this, to prevent the 'works on my machine' problem.
        - Also reduces pains of joining in.
        - Feels like overkill
    - Nix:
        - Kier has done some experimentation with the nix package manager.
        - Works well with arm
        - install within a 'container thing'.
        - Bus Factor
            - Kier is very knowledgeable
            - Kier is a Nix Dev and thus knows way more than us
            - Kier might be hit by a bus.
    - Docker
        - Can we do this?
            - Docker tutorial session (Soton only): https://www.facebook.com/events/1953234424928004/
    - *Action Point* 
        - Somebody to investigate this

    
- Internal documentation
    - How to create a release
    - How our stack works together (`robotd`, `sb-vision` etc)
    - Internal Memes
    - Create a duplicate version of the docs
    - Put minutes on here?
        - Use minutes repo as submodule?
        - Just a link would work too

- The next release
    - Expected date, no date but Andy is working hard.
    - Expected tickets
    - How's the `opencv` changes going Andy?
        - We should test this on a pi before we ship!
    - Test Runusb
    - Implement Orientation
    - Add docs for Orientation
    - Finish the vision PR.
    - Write changelog
    - Write email
    - Get Pi-image built

- The Cube
    - Still no update from UnionFilms.
        - This is bad. 
        - *Action Point* Charlie to email about Garden Court.
    - Emergency Plan:
        - Change the arena so it can be packed down in 1hr
        - *Action Point* Henry to prod the Sabaticals. Next week.
        - Finish the competition at 2, do prize presentation whilst packing up.
        - *Action Point* Andy to email Max about meeting with them and sorting something out.

- PGP Key Signing
    - This is useful for those who like to sign code on Github
    - https://mikegerwitz.com/papers/git-horror-story
    - It would be good if we could cross-sign each others keys.
        - i.e a keyparty.
    - This software may be of use https://github.com/jaymzh/pius
    - Unless every SB member has a key, and is signed, this adds a cryptographically secure bus-factor
        - Assuming we're forcing updates etc to be shipped with this key
            - Only signed packages can be installed?
            - Perhaps have a SB Key that signs our keys
                - Then only software that is signed by a key that is signed by the SB Key can be installed
    - Advise in _Welcome Pack_ that signing commits is a good idea (although not required)
    - Signing packages is overkill for us
    - We shouldn't block unsigned packages etc

- SlackBot
    - Non-memey room change notifier (in addition to memey one)
        - Auto send an email to the mailing list when it is triggered by authorised users
    - Task poker
        - Poke people to do their tasks so that they don't forget

- There are lots of things Andy needs to hand over,
    - Including passwords
        - https://www.passbolt.com
            - Doesn't support mobile.
            - firefox and chrome support.
    - DNS
    - Mailing list
    - Trello

- Student Robotics Southampton Facebook Page
    - We got spammed
        - Fixed
    - What do?
        - nothing.

- Shipping the new website
    - GDPR issues can be addressed when they come up
        - We should write up what should/shouldn't go on
    - Andy to change some DNS thing.
    - **Decision:** Lets use the netlify website, fix GDPR issues as they come, it's github pages so we can migrate it easily
    - DNS: *Action Point* Jake to send andy the DNS record.
