# Techday Retrospective - 3rd February 2018

## People present:
- Jake Howard
- Tyler Ward
- Kier Davis
- Charlie Turvey
- Henry Oliver-Edwards
- Anton Nikitin
- Dan Trickey
- Andrew Barrett-Sprot

## The Day
- Positives:
    - Teams turned up
    - Productivity!!! (Teams were doing stuff)
    - We could eat food in the room
    - Security was there!
    - We knew how to fix all (but one) of their issues.
- Negatives:
    - Teams didn't stay the whole time
    - No guest accounts
        - Solution: "Jules-tops"
    - Location not in level 2
        - Solution: Meet with the ECS "H+S" people
    - No free pizza
        - Solution: Speak to Joyce
        - Solution: Buy out Dominos
    - Teams didn't go to Pizzaz for pizza
        - Solutions: Make a list of good food places!
## The Kit
- Positives:
    - It works!!! (Yayy!!)
    - The plugging in/out mechanism works.
    - All our devices are detected
    - Ultrasound works.
- Negatives:
    - Improve communication about what we are doing with regards to the kit. 
        - Teams spent a lot of time diagnosing problems that we were responsible for.
            - Solution: Mark functions that are broken so teams don't waste time. (Disclose larger issues.)
            - Solution: GitHub issues for specific repos.
    - We did not test the update mechanism
    - We should make it clear in the docs that you can plug the USB in/out without restarting the robot.
    - We shipped the removal of a feature without adding the alternative or explaining why.
        - We fixed this by reverting the commit.
    - We used American spelling in the name of the function (meters vs. metres).
        - Solution: Fix the docs.
    - We brought soldering irons to a room that wasn't suitable.
        - Solution: Use level 2 labs.
    - We broke Level 2's RUB lid box :(
        - Solution: Replace the lid

## General Issues Raised:
- We should probably use GH Issues for GH repos (refer back from Trello)
- We should use Trello for a large strategic overview of what needs to be done.
- We should probably use version numbers.
    - Year specific version/semantic version
    - Year of the competition-Major Number.Minor Version ???
    - We should probably discuss formatting.....
- We should think about using a different algorithm for the vision (alternative from AI)
    - Charlie and Andy found a cool function!
