# Meeting 2018-01-08 Minutes

- Cube booking:
    - SalsaSoc are okay with us using the space
    - Still waiting on UnionFilms
        - Andy will go find max in Lvl 4 Zepler and find out whats happening
- GDPR Compliance
    - What is it?
        - New regulation introduced by the EU,
        - Voted into UK law a while ago
        - 'Implementation period' May 2018 (basically not enforced until then).
    - What do we need to do?
        - Declare all personal data that we hold, otherwise we get big fines.
        - We've made a spreadsheet of GDPR compliance, it's in the drive.
- Organise shipping a replacement Pi to Collyers'
    - Royal mail ship it to them.
    - We probably have 2 spare pis, one for andy, one for dev kit.
- We've got a load of funding for RUBs,
    - We unlocked some magical funding from 2 years ago.
    - We've got more funding too!
    - totals about 17 rubs.
- Send out email about mentoring
    - Is `$SCHOOL` interested in mentoring?
    - When do `$SCHOOL` meet?
        - Andy will send emails to teams
- Nuclear Future article has arrived
    - we wrote a blog post about robots in the nuclear futures article.
    - It's been published!
- Kit shipping status?
    - We have shipped ktis to every team apart from Brock  (which we ahven't heard from for a while)
    - (also collyers needs their pi.)
- Run through trello tasks to be completed before competition.
    - Trello is up to date
    - We need to do a deploy in January
    - Deploying docs and website to Netlify
- Organising tech days
    - Announce by next week, dependent on Dave Oakley
        - 03 Feb
        - 17 Feb
        - 17 Mar
        - 14 Apr
