# SRO Meeting agenda 2018-10-01

## Freshers

- Bunfight Retrospective
    - We shipped it and got about 155 signups!
    - MiniBots demo worked well.
    - We shouldn't have used the SR kit for the Tudor. Confusing for students.
    - The cube didn't work.
    - Anton: "The table cloth didn't match."
    - We need to sort out posters and leaflets and misc crap beforehand,business cards.

- Activity Day
    - Presentation - Who we are and what we do?
        - **ACTION POINT** Kajetan to make intro presentation.
    - Start off with the Lego, build up to line following.
    - Then switch to the mbeds, with the worksheet.
    - Social
        - Artemis?
        - Scoops?
        - Pub?
        - Wing it.
        - Board Games.
        - Jenny will attempt to get pizza.

## Finance

- SUSU Funding
    - Funding for all the things we asked for (batteries, vacuum, scaff gloves)
    - Dan had a chat with Activities Person (Zone co-ordinator) at SUSU
    - We fund half, susu funds half
    - Mbeds are £150 each 
- Sponsorship
    - Applied for funding (emails shipped, Thales) 
    - Anton will send some more emails out to other companies.
    - Contact ECS?
    - Corporate responsibility
    - Contact Joyce Lewis, contact list / funding.
    - Re-establish relationship with Farnell. Ask Kier. 
    - The university has a good relationship with ARM. Robogals had some issues, probably not ARM. Remind them that they sponsored Robogals in the past.
    - **ACTION POINT** Anton to get monies

## Defining the future of SRO

- Discussion of redefining SourceBots to be an event rather than an organisation.
    - SourceBots and MiniBots are "brands" of SRO
    - SourceBots for older, MiniBots for younger?
        - Classify activities by brand, so that there isn't duplication of branding in materials.
- Purchase of srobot.org?
    - Newname srobot to similar to srobo.org (SR domain)
    - Contains all of MB and SB and links to other websites
    - Potential Domains:
        - sro.bot
- Final Logo Decisions, cleanup svg files and commit to git
    - ask nathan to finish them
    - https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1xcVI1lb5OPnbxy5zW63FOzwBvodWJ0-B
    - Minibots - friendly logo + Forest Green-ish #0B821A
    - SourceBots - Diode + Purple #4A0B9F
    - SRO - Robot Arm #BC8C41
- Branding and colour style guides? Use Coolors / colormind / similar
- Separate Mailing list for SRO events
    - Stop spamming on the SB one
    - Mailchimp as annoucements + current google groups as discussion forum 
        - Suggestion - Move people from outside Southampton (SourceBots mailing list)
        - Separate smallpiece mailing list 
    - Annouce in the mailing list that the mailing list has changed  
    - **ACTION POINT** Dan to setup new mailing lists and contact old one.

- G Suite
    - **ACTION POINT** Henry to investigate.

## Robogals

- Can we get rid of the old leaflets?
    - Yes, they've gone. Kept a couple for historical purposes.

## Smallpiece cleanup
- Carpet is now in 53 foyer and 32
    - North end level 3
- Mugs need returning to Level 3 Zepler
    - **ACTION POINT** Alex will move them to L3
- Expenses form needs filling in 
    - This is available on Slack
- Carpet tiles have finally been removed
    - Probably binned
- SUSU needs paying
    - Contact Heather / ECS
    - **ACTION POINT** Poke Heather
- Certificates need sending 
    - Needs sending
    - **ACTION POINT** Check this evening
- Missing orders (where are they?)
    - Wheel hubs (backorder) - Arrived?
    - Drill charger (wrong one)
    - RUB trolley (no idea) 
        - **ACTION POINT** Kajetan and Dan will chase Shaun Ford
- Find Alistair's pen
    - Probably can't find that now
    - Buy a new one?
    - £55.81
        - Fix for next year, add items to the personal property list
- Meeting on Monday with Reena about Smallpeice 2019
    - 10am Geoff Merrett's Office (L4 Mountbatten)

## Non small piece
- Demo bot upgrades
    - Make them collapsable 
    - ~Roughly £15-20 worth of parts
        - https://www.screwfix.com/p/joint-connector-bolts-bzp-m6-x-35mm-50-pack/87106
        - https://www.screwfix.com/p/insert-nuts-type-d-m6-x-13mm-50-pack/59937
        - chissel to modify wood
        - could also get some hinges to make them fold down rather than disasemble.
    - What do we do with the Tudors?
        - Blockly demos - but not much in the last year
