# Tech Day Retro 17th March - Minutes

## What went well?

### Setup time
There was enough time
Could have done with trolleys (Denis' trolleys are gone?)

### Labs (Thanks Dave!!!!)
Equipment access,
Workshop access
    - They were able to use a lot of the lab equipment to test their robots.

### No bored teams
Most of the teams were working/seemed engaged
Because it's a later tech day, filtering out only interesting+capable teams?

### Identified issues with kit
Possible features teams asked for:

- Debug flag for robot.see(), capturing the things the robot saw (actual images, e.g. in frame? out of focus?), e.g. debug=True or save=True
- Or, a separate function call? 
- PWM Output on pins
- robotd logs to the USB stick

## What went badly?

### Broken kit issue
USB connector on pi was dislodged
Should have some red tape on hand (to mark stuff out of order)

### We gave out our dev kit
Lost pi power cable.
Shouldn't do this.
-> Get another one

### Didn't have a full arena
8m x 8m
We could make 6m x 6m
We could have in Mountbatten 53/4025 (seminar room 1)
Would then have: starting zone, 1 full scoring zone, **pillars**
Could have zone 0, zone 1
Or could bring it out to the pillars (on whichever side is the smallest)

Could have an arena upstairs mountbatten + then something downstairs? Problem w/ distribution



### No (budgeted) pizza from Joyce
Though this would be taken out of our budget, e.g. ~£100 for lots of teams, or equiv. proportional to #people

### Security / door access issues
Need South Zepler access

Some people were lost; need to have clear instructions (go to lift, press these buttons)

Would have been nice to have rotating door access, but not possible according to security. (but someone needs to stand there and watch it)



## We still need to:

### Find the cost of booking SUSU

### Get more cables and equipment (for dev)
Pi power cables - No redundancy (only 10)
<b>TODO: Make a new cable - using USB A-micro B</b>

### Make a Mock Arena
Build the columns (laser cut plywood?)
* Using the robot base
* Undefined height: min height = marker height + 10cm?
* Laser cutter: 600x300mm??
* 

### Make some lift signage
Point out which floor to go to on the lift + buttons
