# SRO Meeting agenda 2018-11-05

## MiniBots
- We got contacted by a teacher from BPV
    - Past SB and SR team leader
- She wants us to do a Lego mindstorms activity with her Girl Guides
- Dates: ""Ideal dates for us would be ~~1st Nov~~, 15th Nov, 22nd Nov or 6th Dec  If you can do something this term.""
- Dan has put out a doodle poll. We should decide tonight. Decided on 22nd
- We need to decide on an activity and preparations @Jenny

 - People who are signed up - Dan, Kayeatun, Hanri, GojeDan™, Jenny, (Nathan?)

- Shirts?
    - Monies required
    - Design also Required
        - Competition?

## SRO Rebranding

- Purchase of a domain name
    - Contains all of MB and SB and links to other websites
    - Potential Domains:
        - roboticsoutreach.soton.ac.uk
        - sro.soton.ac.uk
            - *ACTION POINT, ANDY TO SEND DAN TEMPLATE*
- We now need to sort out colours *ACTION POINT for Nathan*

## Smallpiece 2019
- Budget Completed
- Budget summaries created
- Cube booked
- Awaiting ECS bugetery aproval and information

## Student Robotics
- Kickstart this weekend
- Kit in cupbaord till then
    - About 2.5/3 stacks of rubs should be cleared during/post kickstart
- Box of SB chargers now at Tylers flat due to packing error
- **ACTION POINT**: Before and after photo of cupboard post-Kickstart

## Misc

- G Suite
    - Henry - Any progress?
    - Activities best person to contact
        - Leaving SUSU soon
        - A.Kendall@soton.ac.uk
    - No email back from activities

## Joyce

Joyce is lovely. She wants to give us lots of money.

- Can definitely fund some micro:bit robots
    - We need to choose some and go talk to her
    - ** DO TONIGHT **
        - Is Joyce still here tonight?
            - If not can't really go talk to her tonight, abort mission.
            - If yes, **DO TONIGHT**
        - ** this ** doesn't make things bold, **this** makes things bold.
- Joyce was also interested in finding some money for the camera board development, so we should price up the development boards
        - preliminary costings for camera module boards [at this link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YqmlHN0yaKixqO2A37PIdFGY5FjeJAIPdP07K4o7djw/edit?usp=sharing)

## New Projects

- Tudors:
    - Make them collapsible
    - ~Roughly £15-20 worth of parts
        - https://www.screwfix.com/p/joint-connector-bolts-bzp-m6-x-35mm-50-pack/87106
        - https://www.screwfix.com/p/insert-nuts-type-d-m6-x-13mm-50-pack/59937
        - chissel to modify wood
        - could also get some hinges to make them fold down rather than disasemble.
    - Possibly use Smallpeice budget for this
        - *ACTION POINT* Ask Tyler

- Camera Module:
    - Hardware spec has been finalised
        - contribute [here](https://hackmd.io/rHYHCUilSVK__udwBiWbwQ?view)
            - Having links called "here" is really bad for people using screen readers. Don't.
    - Funding out of Smallpeice budget, needed ASAP
- Manufacture of New Kit:
    - Cost around £3300 + PCBs + Cases

## Smallpiece 2018 cleanup
- Missing orders (where are they?)
    - Drill charger (wrong one)
        - Order another one + batteries once budget confirmed
    - RUB trolley (no idea) 
        - **ACTION POINT** Kajetan and Dan will chase Shaun Ford
    - Budgeted into 2019 costs
- Find Alistair's pen
    - Probably can't find that now
    - Buy a new one?
    - £55.81
        - Fix for next year, add items to the personal property list
- Smallpeice yet to pay volunteers still
    - Andy has now emailed Smallpeice, waiting on a response on whether its possible to pay volunteers.
- Feedback for 2018
    - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-CfTfJxBFNCp3JSJI4-8KDWvYDFQ447uYTU194OfuNo/edit#gid=0
    - Place personal thoughts on reasons for feedback in sheet

## Bank Stuff
- Robogals money to get transferred to new empty SRO account
- Ordering kit from SUSU grant applications

## Hills Road

Hills are running a competition for Year 9 to 11 in April.

We should help with Kit Dev.

- https://hr-robocon.org/

## Swiss
There is a microphone that has arrived at Kajetan's house at high speed from switzerland.

# Tasks
- Inventory Mk2
- New demo/dev bots
- Camera module software tests (pending on parts)
