# Retro agenda 2018-04-27

# On-the day retro (https://github.com/sourcebots/minutes/blob/master/2018/2018-04-22-Mini-Retro.md)

Let's review how to fix the below things:

## Carpet tile alignment
- Rolls might work?
    - *Action Point* We need to buy these.
    - THESE ARE EXPENSIVE ARGH
    - Small creases in rolls are worse than the ridges from carpet tiles.
    - Carpet tiles take up loads of space.
    - They arrived on time.
    - *Possible Action Point* cool idea - make our own carpets, printed  :D
- Place boards underneath tiles
- Double sided tape?
- Tiles actually aren't square (need to be placed in alignment of pile)

## Seat Slats
- Remember to do them next time
- Looks bad
- Risk of people climbing them
- Lots of hand-squishy mechanisms behind it.
- shouldn't have been left our after the event
    - *Action Point* ask SUSU to fix it 
    - *Action Point* tiles took a long time to arrive make this quicker?
    - 

## Arena Network Cables
- make a plan, forgot to install several cables around the arena
    - *action point* make a plan for cables and layout 
- We found the reel in Mountbatten


## Tape
- *Action Point* We need more fluorescent tape. Keep a larger backlog
    - *Action Point* have at least 4 of each fluorescent tape
    
## Kit storage
- No plan of getting in / moving kit around / what to do with empty things, etc..
- Wood Cages would be useful to move things.
- *Action Point* Confirm with Mike Bartlett (Zepler institute guy) about scheduled maintenance
- Ask them to put physical signs out!
- Actually make sure we've got Lvl4 mountbatten booked for the whole time

## Mountbatten Lift Broke
- There is a second lift!
- Ask Security for access

## Team pits / fire exits
- *Action Point* Spend a bit more time designing the Floorplan such that it isn't changed during the day.
- Don't block fire exits.
- There's a regulation for people per exits, which we were probably far from.

## Measuring from sides is inaccurate
- Measure from absolutes
- Use chalk line like method for straight lines

## Trolley Return
- Remember to do this!
- This turned out okay, but we should make sure we do it.

## PXE boot
- *Action Point* We should network-boot the pis. (possible with pi3s without SD)
- Makes testing kits easier, boot from wherever you need to

## Table for cutting wood
- *Action Point* Get a 'workmate' bench
- We got in trouble.
- shouldn't be cutting wood on wood tables (so we don't damage tables, and wood doesn't slip)

## Wood fell down staircase and got smashed
- *Action Point* Brief Volunteers on health and safety.

## Wood on Trolleys
- Trolleys used not adequate to move wood.
- *Action Point* Get the red trolley for the weekend from the engineering faculty

## Mountbatten closure
- Discussed earlier ^^ 

## Pizza on signage
- Be more careful
- Better organisation
- Pizza was good though, but a waste of paper

## Shepherds struggled to find teams
- *action point* Give Shepherds a Floorplan.

## Columns falling over
- Better measurements would mean velcro made more contact with carpet than tape
- Construct the pedestals better
- Measure from the pedestals
- *Action Point* Draw an actual square from the centre of the arena to get exact measurements (absolute measurement needed)

## Volunteer Scheduling
- Better specification of volunteers
- after finals plan
- Scheduling: Generate ical files.
- People should stick in their roles for longer, staggered switch-over
               
## Hot mornings
- Fans worked well
- *Action Point* Turns fans on earlier
- Open door on balcony sooner to let air escape
- More fans

## Communicated well
- Did ok without radios
- We should still get radios. (See below)

## Livestream was cool!
- *Action Point* Lie about the start time so SUSU does it earlier
- Integration with their kit wasn't tested
- Should be running for the whole event in some form.

## Cable through door
- Network cable to bar 2 screen was running through door, and got worn down
- Needs replacing now.
- Kajusz ran it through the door :(
- Wireless??
- Flat network cables?
    - (they're terrible)

## Team given red taped arduino
- Quality control
- Seemed to work fine for a while, was the tape right?
- They should have been purple taped or something.

## Timelapse obstructed
- *Action Point* Put it on the balcony next time
-

## Radios
- For station or for persons
- We could try for one radio per person. (but it's hard)

## Network went down
- Run DHCP/DNS/etc ourselves, as we've done before.
- We should bring a pre-configured router
- There was a miscommunication on how the router was set up.

## Nobody looked into socket issue in `robotd`
- No one knew the correct place to log these issues
- *Action Point* Review issue tracking software

## Wristbands tightening throughout the day
- *Action Point* Use crimped ones
- Remind teams the wristband is required for entry (i.e. "If you cut them off, bring them anyway")
- Ordered far too few (need 200+ish)

## Sharp cable ties
- Point them downwards
- Cut closer to the edge
    - Snips
- *Action Point* Better instructions on this
- HS inspect stuff after built
- (Arena-building plan on docs?)

## No Linesman score entry training
- Train linesmen on how to enter the score.
- May be solved by staggered role switching (keep linesman A on for changeover of Linesman B)

## Score Entry role unknown to most
- People didn't know what to do
- Peter was doing score entry.
- There should be a laptop running the score entry software for entering scores.


## Overhead view
- Overhead view looked great
- Means those on balcony could see better
- Need to add to kit/tech plan
- Non fisheye camera would be better
    - Only half was, not high enough quality, lots of artifacts
- *Action Point* Find some way of Recording it for posterity.

## Teams seemed happy
- Besides some kit issues, teams looked to have fun
- *Action Point* Create a questionnaire and get some feedback from them.

## Game balance
- Missing teams and unbalanced games.
- Less incentive to go through the middle.
- *Action Point* Simulate the game in the simulator (Possible hack day?)

## Bar 2 / Cube flow
- Cube wasn't crowded 
- No rush moving between pits and arena
- People were running, which is bad.
- *Action Point* Mention they don't run in the safety brief.
- Music flow worked well.

## Issue handling
- *Action Point* Favour fast workarounds over teams missing matches.
- Get a possible fix for an issue rather than trying to find the correct solution

## Zone USB sticks
- Zone USB sticks should be mandatory in arena matches
- Investigate issues correctly, and announce to put teams minds at ease
- Possible timing issue with the pis.

## Hoover issue
- *Don't dismantle 4 ways...*
- Don't break hoovers
- Store things better overnight.

## Rematch necessity
- Better efficiency
- Identify issues with linesman earlier. Scheduling person should care more about the matches themselves.

## Handling of a rematch
- Don't go into a state of panic
- Calm teams as required
- Judges decision should be sought sooner.
- *Action point* Judge should not be too busy to make decisions on this.
- *Action Point* Add to comp controller so it appears correctly, as it look odd in the match list.

## Volunteer parking
- Team parking was documented, volunteer was not.
- *Action Point* send an email about parking.
- Friday parking is hard to find

## Volunteer Accommodation
- *Action Point*: If we have budget, get someone to sort out accommodation.
- Inform people about lack of accommodation.

## Match points vs league points
- *Action Point*: Teams should be given a briefing, ideally separate from the intro briefing.
- *Action Point* Scoring should be in the rules.

## Packdown plan
- *Action Point* We need to plan this.

## Road closure
- Should have known and warned teams. 
- We were aware but we didn't inform teams
- We didn't check the emails weren't sent.
- We should delegate emails.

## Lighting
- Test using actual kits
- Think more about possible lighting issues
- Additional scaff lights as part of standard setup.
- Test cameras before competition on realistic setups. (thresholding)
- Unreliable once we have changed, change them sooner

## Practice carpet
- Give teams a carpeted test area.
- Make sure we have spare carpet to make the test area
- Practice arena (chairs with markers on them).

## Pi system clock
- Teams claimed issues with times on pis (match timeout)
- Research into
- Log times in logs?
- Network Pis, serve NTP (wont work)?
    - NTP won't work because it's not designed for it
- Idea: Use a special radio to signal starts and ends.
    - Only need 4, use them as Zone sticks

## We forgot to measure the RF noise in the Arena
- This is bad.

## Account for collisions
- Game mode was designed for all teams to get to other side of arena as quickly as possible
- 4 way collisions very likely
- Already discussed 

## Cloth wrapping of scaff looked bad
- *Action Point* Better Training
- Cloth wrapping was done incorrectly, leaving large lumps and exposed scaff
- Installed by crew.
- Meant to be looped around, rather than cable tied around.

## Getting the scaff baseplate orientations correct (parallel to arena sides)
- Causes problems later if we don't
- *Action Point* can be solved by training, and documenting it beforehand (so the trainer knows)

## Kit owner
- Didn't keep separate kit which was personal, SB, Personal, and other kit SUSU.
- *Action Point* Label personal items!
- *Action Point* Sensible pack-up plan.
- Lead to confusion when packing down

## Better scaff tools
- Only had 1 Socket wrench, which went missing during takedown
    - was Kajusz's tool
     *Action Point* Buy socket wrench
- Need more scaff tools to be more efficient
    - Scaff team should be four people
    - More scaff gloves just for moving wood

## No music to motivate during takedown
- Audio kit was packed away early
- Keep an audio jack around so we're not working in silence
- Mysterious Sound-web issue should have worked
- 

# Smallpeice 2017 Retro (Compare them)
(Grabbed from https://docs.google.com/document/d/19uJ1I9vaZhR_-n2JYsYxPbp3mCvncLkKuqy2lXLIHeQ/edit?usp=drive_web&ouid=105569840240058538650 )
## Game
### Successes
* **WE DID THIS, it worked!** Two minute matches resulted in better, snappier games
   * Particularly when teams so easily get stuck against the walls of the arena
   * Allows us run more matches
* Two robot format kept the games easier to organise and to commentate on by building a narrative
   * Not clear that this would always be the best for other games
### Problems
* Balance problems
   * Movement point
   * 2 points for first crossing
   * *ACTION POINT* Can be fixed by running it in the simulator (as mentioned above)
* No plan for the wall in the centre of the arena until during the week

## Arena and presentation
### Successes
* **WE DID THIS, it worked!** Confetti didn’t get good arena coverage
   * This made the clean-up considerably easier
* We didn’t use to prohibited floor tape
    * **We didn't do this :(** Need training
* Get-out timings
* Timelapse/photos was good
* **WE DID THIS, it worked!** Gopro on truss was good for arena views
### Problems
* * **WE DID THIS, it worked!** Confetti didn’t get good arena coverage
   * Solution: Get more confetti cannons
   * Confetti is still a ballache to clear up.
* **We didn't do this :(** Carpet laying issues
* **We didn't do this :(** Excess, unnecessary enormous fibreboard was brought to the Cube, then not given to the porters, even though it was the most difficult to transport to Mountbatten.
* **We didn't do this :)** Prize giving started without the prizes and the certificates
   * Because the certificates weren’t ready
   * Because those preparing them were heavily involved in running the finals
   * Because of lack of planning/communication around what the post-finals looks like
   * Because you started without the certificates => Don’t start the presentation until the certificates are ready.
* Have correct lens on camera and correct camera mode
* No judge's display
    * we sort of fixed this
* **WE FIXED THIS, it worked!** Lack of power on drills
   * Battery problems? For next year
* **WE DID THIS, it worked!** Rig cannons to arena corners
* Decide some of the 
* **We sort of did this :|** Rehearse the proceedings more thoroughly
   * Final match specifically
* **We didn't do this :(** Get a printer
   * Which can print the certificates
   * And find a way to fund it (as the Uni will not)
* (very minor) We played the intro music when there were only 2 teams in the arena at some point. 
### For next year
* **WE FIXED THIS, it worked!** More drills, better drills (contention and power problems)
* We still could do with more.
## Kit Transport
### Problems
* **WE DIDN'T DO THIS MUCH BETTER** The transport team weren’t able to transport all the wood in the manner we wanted
* We’re not sure that the timings of when they were around were great, though it did force us to prioritise things on the Friday.
## Tear Down
### Problems
* **WE FIXED THIS BY BORROWING BETTER DRILLS (AND LOSING PARTS OF THEM)** Drill seemed to run out of power very quickly
   * Have more screwdrivers.
   * Maybe get a new one.
   * Maybe get a mains power one.
   
## (good) lack of bee swarms **Sarcasm**
- no sawms of bees 
- SUSU should not have a swarm of bees nearby
- **Actions point** SUSU to *not* buy bee hives
    - So they are doing so
    - Is this not already happening?
        - it is hence the problem
            - ...?
                - increased bee chance next year
                -    ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
                    -    "This is good" - AOFB
                        -    how far can we indent?
                                -    more
 
 AOFB disagrees with this identation, Thanks
