# Sourcebots meeting 2017-10-1i6

## Smallpiece 2018 discussions
- Name change
    - 2 choices:
        1. Rename to 'computing and robotics'.
        2. Add more electronics:
            - Add a second elec lab
                - Build own ultrasound kits
                - Downside: they don't have enough time.
                - Better documentation.
                - Simplify code: do geolocation for them? 

- Organisation
    - Look at what was on the list of things to improve from last year and make sure we plan around it.


## Sourcebots 2018
- Email to teams
    - 2 emails
        - Hi we're here we want to do this (Andy)
        - We have an opportunity to collect data, we should think about whether we should take advantage of this

- Think about the game
    - Game proposals are now open! 
    - Create a google account (on trello)

- Funding
    - Joyce email
        - Send her an email now
    - buddget review/min/max options
- Kickstart date
- Email to teams (Can we email the Student Robotics teams? Maybe need to dig up the terms of the competition sign-up form)

## Website
- Moving the assembly documentation to the website. (Jake)
    - Make it user friendly
    - Use a uni system
        - Costly to use a VPS from uni 
        - Just use wordpress as a blog?
        - Could use wordpress for the whole thing. Needs more research.
- Generated documentation
- PR frontpage options


## Kits:
- Arranging a time to confirm and find the ultrasound bug we found at the activity day. (Kier)
- Test the system can handle multiple motor boards

## Other:
- Improving the format of these meetings (Andy) 
