Joint SR (Southampton) AGM and Source Bots Meeting, 2017
========================================================

The 2017 Annual General Meeting of the Student Robotics (Southampton) student group and of the "Source Bots" association.

# Time

19:00, Monday 24th April 2017

# Attendees

* Andrew Barrett-Sprot
* Charlie Turvey
* Ollie Steptoe
* Anton Nikitin
* Kier Davis
* Steffan Padel
* Tyler Ward
* Alistair Lynn
* Andy Busse

# Student Robotics (Southampton) AGM

## Minutes

* Committee structure
  * Proposal: unified committee.
  * Proposal: separate society and Source Bots committees.
  * Proposal: unified committee with the intention of later separation.
  * Resolution: only elect union society committee (pres, sec, treas).
  * Source Bots committee structure is left undefined until we've decided on the structure of Source Bots in general (e.g. charity vs limited liability company).
  * Purpose of this committee is purely to deal with union-related things.
* Membership
  * Union side is dictated by Us.
  * Source Bots side is left undefined since organistation structure is still undefined.
* Name
  * Agree to rename Union society from "Student Robotics (Southampton)".
  * Posit: rename society to "Southampton Robotics Outreach"
    * The society is a group of people who run robotics competitions, including Student Robotics and Source Bots.
    * Not formally affiliated with SR or SB.
    * Action: perform the rename via Us.
    * Action: inform RoboGals.
      * Could mention a possible merge.
    * All in favour, none opposed.
* Constitution
  * Already have one for the society.
  * For wider organisation (Source Bots), defer.
* Action: arrange a meeting to address the organisation structure for Source Bots.
* Logo
  * Defer
  * Will have a vote at some point in the future.
* Plan for summer school
  * Action: need to allocate someone to receive orders in the weeks leading up to summer school.
  * Action: doodle poll for hacking on outstanding tasks.
    * Fix the bug in the vision.
  * Action: talk to Dave Oakley about kit assembly (i.e. getting the boards assembled).
* Posit: remove Equipment & Safety Officer from the Union committee
  * All in favour, none opposed.

## Committee Elections

* Candidates presented a short speech.
* Voting performed using First Past The Post system.
* President
  * Andrew Barrett-Sprot: 7 votes
  * RON: 0 votes
  * Andrew Barrett-Sprot remains President.
* Secretary
  * Kier Davis: 7 votes
  * RON: 0 votes
  * Kier Davis becomes Secretary.
* Treasurer
  * Anton Nikitin: 7 votes
  * RON: 0 votes
  * Anton Nikitin becomes Treasurer.
* Social Sec
  * Steffan Padel: 7 votes
  * RON: 0 votes
  * Steffan Padel becomes Social Sec.

## Adjournement

* Vote to adjourn the society AGM
  * All in favour, none opposed.

# Source Bots

* Structure
  * Proposal
    * Form Source Bots as a limited liability company.
    * Have a set of aims.
    * Leadership:
      * Directors/board/owners would be independent neutral parties e.g. ECS
      * Running the company is delegated to the steering committee.
        * Named people responsible for communicating with sponsors, managing finance, running events.
    * Benefits: legal entity, sponsors can pay "it", "it" can own assets.
    * If we want to switch to a charity, can transfer assets.
    * Required to report to companies house annually.
    * Setting this up would occur as soon as possible after Smallpeice.
      * First tasks involve talking to ECS (the potential owners).
      * Who would be on the board of directors, who would have shares?
    * Discussion to continue in the long term on Slack (#organisation_founding).
* Membership
  * Simple procedure to become eligible for membership.
* Constitution: articles of association
  * A standard "articles of association" is available, should probably use that.
* Transparency
  * Should publish financial report, and a report on activities.
  * What level of transparency?
    * Seperate internal and external reports, to avoid the problem of people knowing exactly how much money we have.
    * Make everything open? We're not dealing with much money.
* Sponsorship
  * Farnell
    * What are they doing?
      * Agree to fund ~Â£1500 worth of goods for the summer school kits.
    * What are we doing?
      * Various things e.g. blogging.
      * Refer to timeline.
      * Posting on school websites
        * Could get mentioned in smallpeice report, which goes out to thousands of schools
    * Who are they paying?
      * The unincorporated entity known as "Source Bots" - fundamentally a group of students.
  * Aim for multiple sponsors.
  * Invite organisations to summer school and try to get them on board for post-summer school programme.
    * e.g. IET, StemNet, any professional contacts
* Website
  * Keep it simple
  * Jekyll, Github pages
  * Disqus comments
* Action: collaborate online on a document outlining the new Source Bots administrative structure, and vote.
