Meeting Minute - 2019-05-27
===
###### tags: `Meeting`
-------------------------------------------------------------

:::info
- **Location:** Future Worlds Studio
- **Date:** 2019-05-27
- **Agenda**
1. a
2. b
3. c
- **Participants:**
    - Dan Trickey (DT)
    - Dan Hobson (DH)
    - Joe Morton (JM)
    - Jack Williamson (JW)
    - Will Barber (WB)
    - Josh 
    - Alistair Lynn
    - Edwin Shepherd (ES), remote
    - Kier Davis (KD), remote
    - Jake Howard (JH), remote
    - Andy Barrett-Sprott (ABS), remote
- **Chair:** JM <jm3n18@soton.ac.uk>
- **Minutes:** DH <dsh1g18@soton.ac.uk>
- **Minutes Archive:** - [Available here](https://github.com/s-r-o/minutes/)

:::

-------------------------------------------------------------

## Review of previous action points
- [ ] [name=DT] : talk to Joyce about volunteers
- [ ] [name=Anton] : still has some SRO stuff
    - Still an issue

-------------------------------------------------------------

# Agenda
1. Dan has leveraged many people to fight about the cupboard
2. Smallpiece Game
- Brainstorming notes [here](https://hackmd.io/W2YJN8s-R4aHnQzLf9MHeQ?both)
- Review of previous years
- Robots
    - Provide a stock base / testbase?
        - possibly too late to sort this this year
- Game ideas
    - see brainstorming notes
- Next steps
    - A number of people have volunteered to submit proposals based on the requirements from brainstorming
    - Proposals to be submitted before 2019-06-01 @ 8pm by uploading to [this Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1IC0c38xmn7mu5QCKLLbkUomL3LtlLX5-?usp=sharing)
    - Next Monday each proposal will get a slot to present and we will review and decide on which one to use



-------------------------------------------------------------

## ACTION POINTS
- [name=anyone] : Make and submit game proposal
-
-

## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->
