Meeting Minute - 2019-04-22
===
###### tags: `Meeting`
-------------------------------------------------------------

:::info
- **Location:** remote
- **Date:** 2019-04-22
- **Agenda**
1. Inventory system
2. Cupboard
3. J5
4. Smallpiece
5. Anton still has some SRO stuff
6. Volunteers
7. Worksheets
8. Roadmap meeting
9. Camera dev
10. sro@soton.ac.uk
11. Cupboard reorgainsing
12. Asking for sponsoring kit
- **Participants:**
    - Dan Trickey (DT)
    - Dan Hobson (DH)
    - Joseph Morton (JM)
    - Jack Williamson (JW)
- **Chair:** DT <dgt1g17@soton.ac.uk>
- **Minutes:** DH <dsh1g18@soton.ac.uk>
- **Minutes Archive:** - [Available here](https://github.com/s-r-o/minutes/)

:::

-------------------------------------------------------------

## Review of action points
- [x] DT to check permissions on http://github.com/s-r-o/
- [ ] Talk to MSLC
    - ***Postponed, JW to do***
    - This is just to keep in touch, we would like to keep working with them in future
- [x] JW to Move MicroBit worksheet into http://github.com/s-r-o/
    -  [x] Add link to minutes too please
- [ ] DT to make a doodle poll for a Hackday for Smallpiece stuff
    - ***brought forward***


-------------------------------------------------------------

# Agenda
1. Inventory system
    - Is the same as last week
2. Cupboard
    - ACTION POINT Kajatan to chase SR
3. J5
    - ACTION POINT Kier to review PR
4. Smallpiece
    - ACTION POINT: DECIDE ON GAME!
        - Print some rules
    - Doodle poll for a Hackday to be done
    - ACTION POINT Workshops to be written / organised
    - ACTION POINT get timetable for Smallpiece
        - ACTION POINT write time plan for our bits
    - Will using ultrasonic sensors cause interfere between robots? If this is going to be a problem, what can we do about it?
    - ACTION POINT testing robots in worst cases
        - flat battery
        - multiple ultrasounds simultaneusly
        - regulators testing from last year's issues
    - Equipment:
        - Chalk line
            - would be nice to use if anyone knows how to (failed at SR comp)
        - Spreadsheet [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-F-4hyQcMtKnxyUcUYV9PJjczyUitFjZLhSBlcLqc8Y/edit#gid=1140750567)
    - Where are we going to put teams during the competition?
        - bar 2
        - level 2/3/4
        - cafe
        - bar 3?
        - Need to run power and network for displays etc
        - ACTION POINT talk to tyler
    - ACTION POINT decide on task allocation system and implement
        - Github seems to be the favourite, put on next week's agenda to ask others
        
5. Anton still has some SRO stuff
    - ACTION POINT ask next week
6. Volunteers
    - need more
    - poster work to continue
7. Worksheets
    - Updates have been made to worksheets [here](https://github.com/s-r-o/microbits)
8. Roadmap meeting
    - Allocated to 29th April @ 7pm-9pm
        - Main plan is to get dev work back up
        - Agenda [here](https://hackmd.io/1zHBGaozQxyxJBvvoaeMVw)
9. Camera dev
    - ACTION POINT DH to email jeff hooker about access to B16
10. sro@soton.ac.uk
    - easy to assume each other have responded
    - DT looking at ticket based system
    - improve filters
11. Cupboard reorgainsing
    - happening tomorrow / Wed
12. ACTION POINTS ask for sponsoring kit
    - Getting sponsorships is always good, particularly when we're doing kit dev
    - Spreadsheet of potential options [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18pIkTULLgX0jYaBuB4fo7zWNKg8c9CZaITtR_4UzZIs/edit#gid=0)
    - ACTION POINT draft emails
        - focus on ROI
            - and actually deliver on any promises unlike last year!
        - Compile email fragments on a [hackmd](https://hackmd.io/rM-MUUG5TB-tFT5TYVBONg) so someone with sro@soton.ac.uk access can send them
    


-------------------------------------------------------------

## ACTION POINTS
- [ ] [name=JW] : Talk to MSLC
    - This is just to keep in touch, we would like to keep working with them in future
- [ ] [name=DT] : Make a doodle poll for a Hackday for Smallpiece stuff
    - ***brought forward***
- [ ] [name=Kajatan] : Chase SR about the cupboard
- [ ] [name=Kier] to Review PR for J5
- [ ] Assorted ACTION POINTS for Smallpiece Hackday to be considered then
- [ ] [name=Anton] : still has some SRO stuff 
- [ ] [name=DH] : Email jeff hooker about access to B16
- [ ] Draft emails for sponsorships
- [ ] Talk to tyler about Smallpiece kit

## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->
