# Meeting 2019-11-25

## Match Scheduling

- On Thursday afternoon we have 1.5 - 2 hours of tinker time in the arena. 
- Then HR style for all league matches
    - Bursts of matches and tinkering.
    - Each burst contains every team exactly once.
- 2 minute matches.
- 5 minutes match slots (exc. staging)
- 35 min burst lengths

### Thursday

- 1315 - 1445: Tinker Time in Arena
    - To be allocated fairly somehow undefined at this point.
- 1445 - 1715: 4 x League Bursts (16 matches) (135 mins) 

### Friday

- 0900 - 1215: 5x League Leagues (20 matches) (195 mins)
- 1300 - 1415: Knockouts
    - 4 x "Heats" 20 mins
    - 2 x "Semi-Finals" 10 mins
    - 1 x "Final" 5 mins
    - There is 40 mins of flex here.

## Locations

Options that we have:

- The Cube + Bar 2 + Other space in SUSU
    - Pros
        - AV / Sound / Lighting is awesome
        - Affordable
        - Experience in this location
        - SUSU Tech / StageSoc
        - Balcony for control
        - Nearby to Piazza
    - Cons
        - Cinema more difficult
        - More spread out
            - Smallpeice supervision
        - Public area
        - Carefully consider fire capacity of the cube with crowd barriers.
            - Smaller arena to mitigate
- Old Sports Hall
    - Pros
        - Everything fits in one room
            - Need to check
        - Balcony for control
    - Cons
        - No AV equipment
        - Bad Acoustics
        - Difficult to get to (back entrance)
        - Accessible access is unknown
        - Power?
        - Unknown location. Requires reconnaissance
        - Lack of atmosphere
- Garden Court / Hartley Suite
    - Pros
        - Good support from events
        - Good proximity / separation
        - Loads of space
    - Cons
        - Expensive
        - Impractical
        - Might conflict with formal
        - Too complicated to draw

## Arena

- We will be going with a truss arena.

## Ideas

- Tommy suggests asking the video game commentary people to commentate
