# Science and Engineering Day - 16th March 2019 - Retrospective

## What went well
- We shipped an engineering day
- Kids had fun
- Cupboard was stacked correctly
- Music 
- Kids were interested in the line following robots.
- Kids liked playing with Lego.
- Parents liked playing with Lego.
- People liked the live-stream.
    - Good conversation point.
- Good to have the demo boards out.
- People had a good impression of the university/Us when they left.
- We got contacts (possible invite to schools etc...) 

## What could be done better

- More activities
- The MicroBits weren't avaliable right away
    - Also they weren't in the same box as the robots.
- Lack of plug sockets
- More laptops
- More Lego MindStorms
- MBed was damaged
- Not enough volunteers
- Not enough space/not utilising space, we weren't prepared for that amount of people.
- Not all the volunteers were familiar with the Lego MindStorms IDE
- Some of the Lego MindStorms had issues
    - Red taped motors, lack of sensors
- SR Bot did not work
    - Lack of Python 2 knowledge 
- Due to not doing an event for a few years, we were unable to gauge effectively the level of enthusiasm that the kids'/parents' had. 
- A lot of people ended up standing around due to lack of equipment.
- We didn't verify that kids didn't run off with the Lego.

## Action Points
- Resolder MBed Pin Header
- Follow up on contacts
- Have more equipment
- Plan activities in advance 
- Have a tutorial on the MindStorms so volunteer can effectively deliver sessions.
- Try and get a bigger room for next time.
    - Boulderwood? 
