Meeting Minute - 2019-04-15
===
###### tags: `Meeting`
--------------------------------------------------
:::info
- **Location:** B53/4025, remote
- **Date:** 2019-04-15
- **Agenda**
1. Inventory system
2. Emails with Dorota
3. J5
4. Smallpiece boards
5. HR Robocon
6. SR Competition
7. SR / Cupboard
8. SUSU Awards
9. Volunteers
10. Camera module
11. Outreach stuff


- **Participants:**
    - Dan Trickey (DT)
    - Dan Hobson (DH)
    - Joe Morton (JM)
    - Kier Davis (KD)
    - Kajatan Champlewski (KC)
    - Jack Williamson (JW)
    - Tyler Ward (TW)
- **Chair:** DT <dgt1g17@soton.ac.uk>
- **Minutes:** DH <dsh1g18@soton.ac.uk>
- **Minutes Archive:** - [Available here](https://github.com/s-r-o/minutes/)

:::

------------------------------------------------------

# Agenda
1. Inventory
    - Good progress
2. Emails
    - We can write something for the internal newsletter
    - We don't want carpet tiles
        - too long to set up
        - wear more
        - space for carpet roll in the new cupboard but tricky to use it
        - still struggling on large wood storage issue
3. J5
    - Back on schedule after new version released

4. Smallpiece boards
    - Joyce might be able to find us the money we need for it
        - Need to get a detailed breakdown
        - ~£6k-£8k total cost
            - Will we get enough?
    - There is some SR kit we are allow to use too / as backup plan
    - We need to start doing tasks for the competition now
        - Trello [here](https://trello.com/b/B9AiJs4W/smallpiece-2019)
        - Spreadsheet [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-F-4hyQcMtKnxyUcUYV9PJjczyUitFjZLhSBlcLqc8Y/edit)
        - Get things ordered ASAP when we know what we need
        - Don't know when we're getting bugdet
        - Hackday? [TODO:Doodle poll](#TODO)
5. HR Robocon
    - They want to be able to expand to multiple events across the country
        - SourceBots could be involved
        - Targeting GCSE / younger students
        - JM to keep us updated
    - They have a nice web IDE they're using
        - We can fork
6. SR Competition
    - General positive sentiment
    - HR team felt it was for our benefit not theirs
        - "the lighting was inadequate"
            - Libkoki can handle this
        - "carpet was different from last years"
            - They want carpet samples
        - "Didn't like the Griptape"
            - It's the same as it always has been
        - "Rules changed"
            - A rule was clarified, should have been earlier and this could have been prompted by them
            - The caldera was not quite to spec
        - "This game didn't incentivise complex behaviour"
            - Some teams didn't need use the camera
            - We want to accomodate all
            - Hopefully future games will be better
        - JM to feed back
    - Return of our kit(?)
        - Need to check this did actually get back to the cupboard
    - Overworking
        - No free slots for some people
        - "Too few volunteers"
7. SR / Cupboard
    - Need an agreement for shared assets like cupboard space
    - 2 RUBs of their kit to check out
8. SUSU Awards
    - 10th May
    - We are nominated for best team :tada:
        - who's going?
    - DT nominated for social impact :tada: :+1:
9. Volunteers
    - Need more
    - Can we pick up volunteers from SR
10. Camera module
    - Need to populate boards
    - Need to get access to building 16
11. Outreach stuff
    - Ran a MicroBit session
        - ~30 students
        - Generally successful
        - STUDENTS CHARGED £25 EACH BUT WE DIDN'T SEE ANY OF IT
        - Worksheet to go to SRO github #TODO [link](https://github.com/s-r-o/microbits)
    - Reran with feedback
        - Students with a bit more time+experience
        - Went well
    - [MSLC](https://www.southampton.ac.uk/mslc/index.page) involved, LOOK TO PARTNER WITH THEM? #TODO
    - We still don't have enough MicroBits for a session
        - Get budget approved?
        - Use MSLC's?
        - Ask Micro:Bit for sponsorship?
12. RUBBots
    - Chassis to use SourceBots kit on outreach days
    - Fit in RUBs for storage
    - With threaded inserts for deconstructing and packing as space-efficient

--------------------------------------------------------

## ACTION POINTS
- DT to check permissions on http://github.com/s-r-o/
- Talk to MSLC
- JW to Move MicroBit worksheet into http://github.com/s-r-o/
    - Add link to minutes too please
- DT to make a doodle poll for a Hackday for Smallpiece stuff

## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->
