# SRO AGM 2019 Minutes

AGM commences at 18:33

## Members Present

### Full Members

- Jenny Walker (Chair)
- Dan Trickey (Minutes)
- Anton Nikitin
- Jack Williamson
- Joe Morton
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Dan Hobson
- Will Barber
- Tom Wheal
- Henry Oliver-Edwards

### Others

- Tyler Ward (Auditor)
- Andy Barrett Sprot (Remote)

### Apologies
- Kier Davis (Registered for remote vote)
- Alex Lockwood (Registered for remote vote)

## Annual Reports

### General Report

- Presented by JW
- Successful merger of SCRO and Robogals.
- It’s been slow so far with schools, but we’ve got a plan.
- Development work is in full swing, with a complete software rewrite for SourceBots, as well as a brand new vision board.
- Purchased 6 new BBC Micro:Bit robots to replace the Polulu MBed bots.
- We are due to move to a new cupboard in the next few months.
- Low volunteer intake, we are working to find some more people.

### Accounts Report

- Presented by JW
- Robogals Money!
- Grants! (paid into Anton’s personal account, we have fixed this and now pay into official account!)
- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rItFfhw5HVrR1y1t57of0jbvkONz2ndD2epDyI9t_I0/edit#gid=0

### SourceBots

- Presented by JW and KC
- There was a SourceBots competition
- It was good
- There was a Smallpeice competition
- It was good
- As a result of how good it was, there will now be 80 students
- Hopefully the next summer school will also be good
- We are building more kit and developing the kit software
- Things are going well generally

## Elections

- JW introduces the voting system.

### President

Candidates:

- Dan Trickey
    - "I will continue what I have been doing"
- Kajetan Champlewski
    - "I fully support Dan Trickey"
- 8 for Dan, 3 for RON

### Secretary

- Dan Hobson
    - "I want to make sure that everything is kept organised."
- 9 for Dan, 2 for RON

### Treasurer

- Anton Nikitin
    - "I'd like to continue in my role, I want to get some sponsorship for the group."
- 7 for Anton, 4 for RON

### Social Secretary

- Henry Oliver-Edwards
    - "Vote me. I made posters. I didn't even make those posters."
- 10 for Henry, 1 spoilt

### Outreach Director

- Jenny Walker
    - "I really enjoyed doing this as part of Robogals. I want to get back to doing it."
- 11 for Jenny

### SourceBots Director

- Kajetan Champlewski
    - "SourceBots is good. I want to sign emails director."
- Jack Williamson
    - "I want to do less SR and more independent things"
- Joseph Morton
    - "We should make SourceBots great again."
- Joe wins majority of 6

### Student Robotics Liaison

- Kajetan Champlewski
    - "I am currently on the Core Team of SR. Strong connections there. I will work to make sure that where possible SR is using technologies that are open and compatible. I also feel that them having stuff in our cupboard is a source of political pressure that we should use."
- Tom Wheal
    - "I don't hate SR."
- Kajetan wins with democracy of 6.

AGM finishes at 19:07
