Meeting Minute - 2019-05-20
===
###### tags: `Meeting`
-------------------------------------------------------------

:::info
- **Location:** B53/4025
- **Date:** 2019-05-20
- **Agenda**
1. Camera module
2. Volunteers
3. Cupboard
4. Smallpiece
5. j5 supports all SR kit now :tada:
- **Participants:**
    - Dan Trickey (DT)
    - Dan Hobson (DH)
    - Joe Morton (JM)
    - Jack Williamson (JW)
    - Kajatan C (KC)  // left
    - Andy Barrett-Sprot (ABS) (remote)  // left
- **Chair:** DT <dgt1g17@soton.ac.uk>
- **Minutes:** DH <dsh1g18@soton.ac.uk>
- **Minutes Archive:** - [Available here](https://github.com/s-r-o/minutes/)

:::

-------------------------------------------------------------

## Review of action points
- [x] [name=JW] : Talk to MSLC
    - This is just to keep in touch, we would like to keep working with them in future
    - Email sent, no response yet
    - will wait and see
- [x] [name=Kajetan] : Chase SR about the cupboard
    - Assorted ACTION POINTS for Smallpiece Hackday to be considered then
- [ ] [name=Anton] : still has some SRO stuff
    - Still an issue
- [ ] Draft emails for sponsorships
    - Let's see how Kaampus does?
- [x] Talk to tyler about Smallpiece kit

-------------------------------------------------------------

# Agenda
1. Camera module
    - we have a locker (D6)
    - Like to test v1 prototype before summer
        - JM can start v2 hardware
            - hope for designs finished by Smallpeice, built for freshers
        - DH can play with code
            - Like to have a demonstration at Freshers to recruit volunteers
2. Volunteers
    - Talk to Joyce
        - ACTION POINT DT
3. Cupboard
    - SR cupbard issues MUST be resolved 
4. Smallpiece
    - [Task list](https://github.com/sourcebots/tasks/issues/)
    - Game design meeting next Monday (2019-05-27)
5. j5 supports all SR kit now :tada:
    - will support pykoki on time


-------------------------------------------------------------

## ACTION POINTS
- [ ] [name=DT] : talk to Joyce about volunteers
- [ ] [name=Anton] : still has some SRO stuff
    - Still an issue

## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->
