# 2018-04-09 Meeting Minutes

- 3 extra people have signed up for volunteering.
- Budget
    - We're currently under budget assuming they charge us £200
- Rules corrections
    - Breaking changes (non-serious)
    - Marker IDs are incorrect on the rules
        - `game-specific.py` is correct, but the rules aren't. Solution: fix the rules
            - PR to fix this
    - Incorrect scoring zone sizes in rule
        - PR to fix this
    - Flags
        -
    - Send out email and deploy amendments
    - Swag from ECS:
        - Joyce says we should contact ECS marketing
            - *ACTION POINT* Andy to email marketing
            - Joyce also mentioned we can get food, but we've decided it's a bit too late to sort this so we won't.
- Trophies have been ordered (yay).
    - Should arrive 18th April or earlier.
    - Looks like they're all the same size (we asked for the 1st to be bigger but whatever)
    - May want to do this in person in future as there was a minor sizing error with the order (not enough to cancel though).

- Zone detection
    - Part of `robotd` that looks through the USB drives mounted by `usbmount`
    - Zone value is set from the contents of the first `zone` file found.
    - We can thus plug in a second usb drive to their robots
        - Requires an accessible usb (see below)
    - This is not an ideal solution, but is suitable for this years competition
    - There is an alternative _terrible_ plan, where we do nothing (i.e. tell them to hardcode their robot to tell them which zone they're in.)
- Flags (and spare accessible USB port)
    - Flags to be mounted on top of robots in a holder (straw?)
    - Coloured for their corner
    - Mount USB drive on flag with an extender to reach the USB hub
        - *ACTION POINT* Andy to fix flags PR and ship them to teams.
        - *ACTION POINT* Draft an email about flags
        - We will need velcro ties to stop the extender getting caught on the robot if it is too long
- Ship orientation supporting only wall markers
    - This was discussed on Sunday
    - Only supporting wall markers removes the ~~Gimble~~ gimbal lock issue and is known to work.
- Accomodation
    - Too expensive to book hotels
    - Tyler is possibly offering his sofa for someone
    - airbnb seems like a viable option depending on pricing.
    - Pricing we can reimburse depends on cost of the cube (an email has been sent about this)
- Build some wooden things
