# SourceBots Agenda 2018-06-25

## To Discuss

- The Student Robotics Meeting happened.
    - Retro from a SB perspective?
        - Student Robotics is back.
        - Student Robotics appears to be open to being run by volunteers.
        - General consesus is that we are mostly happy to run the next Student Robotics competition (citation needed), assuming that Student Robotics acts the way they claim.
        - Everything in Student Robotics is basically going to be organised by the *Core Team*, and SR seem to be very open as to having new members of said core team.
    - What is the future for the SourceBots brand?
        - For large scale competitions, we are likely to return to the SR brand, as it is well known and it will be easier to get teams with this branding.
        - For Smallpiece, this year we are running it under the SourceBots brand, but we will need to discuss in more detail what we intend to do for later years.
        - We are keeping sourcebots open for a year just in case anything happens with SR again
- Vision at Smallpeice
    - Are we having vision?
        - Currently the plan is for not having the game *rely* on vision, we have not yet decided if we will make vision available as an optional sensor or if we will just not bother 
    - What are the alternatives?
        - Just not having any extra sensors, remove vision and that's it.
            - Boring
            - Probably not enough for an interesting game.
        - Alternative sensors (possibly several options)
            - Ultrasound: works on small scales with hard surfaces.
            - Radar: works on medium scales? Cheap.
            - lidar: works on self-driving cars (EXCITING), costs like £50-£70 per sensor though
                - We have theoretically unlimited budget though for smallpiece.
            - Alternative sensors make game design more complicated (each sensor must be at least somewhat useful in the game)
                - Perhaps a game where the visison needed is just distances, but rewards accuracy vs distance vs precision.
            - Could just make the game around one particular sensor that isn't vision.
            - Detecting the world -> Interpreting the world -> Taking action
- Odroid things
    - This is SR related
        - Probably best left to after the core team meeting.
    - Will it be possible to port our software to the Odroid for SR2018/19
        - Will we want to port our software (probably yes)?
        - Will we want to upgrade the SR kit instead (probably 19/20)
        - Is it worth running our new software for this year's competition, when we have working software already.
        - Conclusion: don't know about the feasibility of porting, however at the end of the day we will need to decide in a meeting of the core team what exactly we're doing software-wise.
        - Next year integrate hills road, SB & SR into software together
        - Need to focus on smallpiece this year, what we need to do with SR is in the [minutes](https://github.com/sourcebots/minutes/blob/master/2018/2018-06-23_chat_with_student_robotics.md)

- Reminder for people looking to be on SR core team: check your email subscribed to sourcebot's (google groups) mailing lists, you should have a forwarded SR email. Limit is 29th [Sign up here for the core team](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/sourcebots/LyooBSvU0FE/mcWdq7bqBgAJ)

## To Do

Continue going through the Smallpeice spreadsheet

Game Submissions
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Nz6ALxfFacLY26c9E0Z0l5uViY4PNJZt?usp=sharing
