# Meeting 2018-01-29 Minutes


## Things to announce
- Tech day this weekend
    - Dave Oakley still hasn't confirmed level 2 :(
        - He hasn't gotten back to us about it even though he said he would
    - Action Point: Send an email to teams hopefully today (but it needs to be reviewed).
- RUBS
    - SCRO has some boxes now
    - 13* 18L
    - 2 * 35L
- Summerschool updates
    - Yvonne and Heather are in charge of Smallpeice this year.
        - Replacing Rikki and Adriana
        - Tyler will meet with them at some point to replace them.

## Thing to discuss
- [x] Send an email about the Tech Days.
    - Action Point: Send an email to teams hopefully today (but it needs to be reviewed).
    - Tell them what's happening, we've got a location but are trying to find a better one.
- [x] Science and engineering family day
    - We're planning on running an event where students program robots to follow a maze.
        - Blockly (like scratch, but builds code from prebuilt blocks we provide)
        - Event is on the 10th of March.
    - SSI event
        - They're running a robotics event too. If we're at the same location, they could do the easy stuff and we could do the harder stuff?
        - we can discuss with them about if we want to collaborate with them.
    -  Action point: order 7 t-shirts
- [ ] Discuss custom arduino firmware process (slightly related to https://github.com/sourcebots/robot-api/issues/49)
    - Update shipping:
        - We'll delay until Monday
        - Test the hell out of it on Saturday!
    - We'll ship Peter's PR which adds this feature.
        - Needs full-stack testing
        - Needs docs (Jake can probably do this)
    - Action point: Kier to test it today.
- [X] Discuss potential performance bottlenecks (https://github.com/sourcebots/robot-api/issues/51)
    - [X] Action Point: Benchmark the performance
        - Things which are performance critical should be done on the arduino, not the pi. We shouldn't waste time on this 
- [X] GDPR review
    - Check spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_ChScj7CFdw0iKkNtS0E2B2llL1O0zUh22VybVb3_Gg/edit#gid=1784894503
    - GDPR was updated.
    - Action point: Fill in the remaining blanks
        - Also fixing some issues.

## Things to do

- [X] EMF tickets
    - go on sale in 10 minutes.
- [X] Arrange mentoring
    - 3 teams are interested in mentoring
    - Action Point: Andy to send out a Doodle Poll.
- [ ] Platforms review
    - [ ] Software: GitHub vs Trello vs Mailing list, etc...
    - [ ] website platform review
        - A decision was made to change the platform of the website again (Wordpress -> GH pages)
        - Tyler is confused that this wasn't broadcast (wasn't in the minutes)
            - Are the tradeoffs worth it?
            - It's harder for non-techs to edit things on `GH-Pages`
            - GDPR affects both platforms equally, however Netlify isn't primarily in the UK (US based)
- [ ] Ship the new software
    - [X] Work out what needs to go on the update
    - [ ] Action Point: Write a changelog with any potential breaking changes highlighted
    - [ ] Action Point: Choose who should do what things.
    - [ ] Action Point (Saturday): Roadmap on software
- [X] Sort out the cupboard
- [X] Order food

## Misc

- Next bunfight - advertise to the audience
    - Audience primarily to non-technical people at the SUSU bunfight, and to technical people at the FPSE bunfight

