# sotonrobodev - Minutes 07/11/16
---

**Slack chat (sotonrobodev)**

- Motivations

- how can sr be improved or done better.
- not considering sr beyond recovery
- don't want to compete with SR
    - Might both fail, seperate audiences
    - Just giving them more choice

- what happens if SR does last?
- If we can't change it for the better, don't rule out competing.
- Do something different.
    - Maybe target local schools

- How to make us better than SR (Politics and Experience)
    - Provide better access to facilities and engineers
    - Host in university to give experience of uni.
        - Possibly branched based.
        - keep it in universities
        - Give them an experience of uni (possible value).
            - Partner with a company? (tour around facilities)

- Find sponsors (maybe kit manufacturers)
- Funding from Dave Oakley
- Target audience
    - 18-16 year olds
    - outreach (going to happen one way or another).
    - Primary focus of sixth form students.
    - Aim for year 10-12 (fairly certain)

- Motivations
    - We enjoy it :)
    - Enjoying hosting a competition.
    - Show them what engineering is like.
    - Promote STEM to students not doing STEM.

- Values (how we influence our behavior)
    - Consider a mission statement before Values
        - 'Providing an engineering experience to pupils'. **Mission Statement**
    - How can we learn from SR.
    - Working democracy
    - Should change how we behave.
    - Radical transparency
        - Everything reproduceable.
            - Off the shelf vs Accessible
    - Everything well documented
        - Anything closed should be explained
        - Biased towards transparency.
    - Use your own initiative (all problems are everyones problems) - DOocracy
    - Be biased to action
    - Anyone should be able get involved with something (no permission needed)
    - Trust anyone to make their own changes and improvements
    - Development iterations (always look for ways to improve).
    - 🐝 Excellent to each other
    - In the face of ambiguity do not guess.
    - Now is better than never
    - Prefer simplicity
    - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5855758/what-is-the-source-code-of-the-this-module-doing
    - Possible document for these (examples and counter examples)

- Name not important at the moment.

- What we look like.
    - Musts, Shoulds (Tailor the experience to them).
    - Purple
    - Involving Teamwork
    - Don't make the teamwork get in the way of the engineering
    - Struggling for volunteers going to schools
    - Age gaps between mentors and competitors.
    - Frequent Tech Days.
    - Make competitions frequent (2 months?)
        - Avoids exams
    - Focus on single local competition then work out logistics later.

### KIT !!!
- Should we aim for custom or consumer
- Farnell or RS as a sponsor (discount codes?)
- Different Sensor systems (ultrasonic sensors)
- Smaller, simpler kits
- Don't follow previous constraints
- Reproduceable (Provide kit list)
- Low barrier to entry

- Issues with kit
- Raspberry pi IO protection, SD card corruption

- kIT REQUIRMENTS
STUDENTS
Python
Robust (resiliant against damage and stable software)
Safe
2 brushed/brushless motors
easy to load code/get results
initial sensor (webcam/switches/whatever)
ease of assembly

** potential replacements for after competition


  - US
Easy to help debugging
