USB memory stick input
Pi3 with Wifi 

Then SR's Power boards and motor boards.

Standard Webcam. Maybe pi cameras

- 4GB MicroSD Cards, 15 for around £5 each = £75.

- Arduino should have a default implementation of controlling the Servos and the IO.

Things to do: 

- Design the cases for the kits
- Optimise the PCBs for the Power and Motor boards.
- Auto mount USB sticks, just load python onto the USB sticks, 
- Run python and output the error log
- Stop python that isn't mounted
- Decide on an OS Distro, we just assume it's linux, *NO ROS*
- *Think of a name over christmas - Everyone Submit a name and we pick the best before new year.*
- Vision code python interace - APRIL tags.
- Write the python for interfacing with the Motor & Power boards (fork from SR's code probably)
- Figure out the Servo control implementation, (we need to make sure the servos stay where they are if the robot is power cycled.)
- Get the power board and motor board working:
- Fork SR's power & motor board firmware.
- Fork SR's board firmware. 
- Flash a power & motor board with firmware.
- Arduino/Servo Library
- Robot 'Simulator', some way of checking that the robots code won't syntax error before putting it in the robot.
- Bindings that output to the console, copy the binding of the robot library and just change them to output to console. 
- Continuous Integration - Test server, etc....
- Wiki and Documentation

Things to do in the future:
- Pi writes code to Arduino
- Minimise Arduno damage by checking if the Arduino already has the right version on it. (checksums)


Who's doing what:
- Alistair:
- Python Vision bindings, maybe??
- Anton:
- Arduino/Servo Library
- Charlie:
- Develop and add features to Robot simulator: See what's missing. Maybe look into making it 3D?
- Steffan:
- Auto mount USB sticks, load Python, etc
- Andy
- Decide what version of Linux
- Python bindings if Alistair can't do it
- Kier
- Get the Power and motor board working
- Flash the power and motor boards with SR's code
- Andy Busse
- ELEC?? Optimise the PCB.

Things to follow:
- Be OS independent as possible
- Students should be able to flash anything.
- license: GPL
- *Document EVERYTHING*
- *Comment your code.*
- Robot code not in zip, they just write python and copy it onto the USB stick.
