# Proposal to delay the meeting until Kier and Tom arrives

In favour: 4
Against: 1
Abstained: 0

Passed.

# Amendment of constitution

In section 9 (1) (b) change the word "A" to the word "An"

In favour: 9
Against: 0
Abstained: 0

# Presentation of accounts

We don't yet have a bank account, so despite winning funding we have no money.

# Report of committee members' activities
## President

I don't know. I did some things and organised things. Kept the society alive.
I made the presentations almost every week, organised SR(A)WN, and generally
organised doings and tech days.

## Secretary

I've been an absolutely terrible secretary. I've not really done much in the
way of meetings, and I forgot to submit the previous constitution amendment.

## Treasurer

Funding applications happened. We got money, which we don't have yet.

## Social Secretary

I organised a few socials. Sprinkles social, it went well. Failed to organise
a PlayZone social. Also the Blueshirt activity day.

## Equipment and Safety Officer

We have kit. I organised it at some point but it's no longer organised. I blame
everyone else. I recently found there's a health and safety form on the git,
and submitted it.

# Self-nomination for new committee

## Proposal to make everyone nominated to give a speech, not just people with contested positions

In favour: 6
Against: 4
Abstained: 0

## President
Rashmi
Mohit
Andy
## Secretary
Samson
## Treasurer
Rashmi
Mohit
## Social Secretary
Andy
## Equipment and Safety Officer
Samson
Rashmi
Kier

# Election of new committee
Secret ballot requested.

## President
Rashmi 3
Mohit
Andy 5
RON
Spoilt ballot 1

New president: Andy

## Secretary
Samson 7
RON 2

New secretary: Samson

## Treasurer
Rashmi 7
Mohit 1
RON 1

New treasurer: Rashmi

## Social Secretary
Andy 8
RON 1

New social sec: Andy

## Equipment and Safety Officer
Samson
Rashmi
Kier 9
RON

New equipment and safety officer: Kier

# Any Other Business

None

# Current committee positions

* President — Leader of the Southampton Branch and liaison with trustees
* Secretary — Organises Southampton-specific meetings/wrangles
SUSU-related things
* Treasurer — Handles any budget that the Southampton Branch might have
* Social Secretary — Organises Southampton-specific socials/etc.
(including with other societies)
* Equipment and Safety Officer — Keeps equipment stored at Southampton
organised (including ensuring the inventory is up-to-date), and leads in
ensuring reasonable health and safety vigilance. This will involve
liaising with SUSU and attending the annual H&S training.

