# Notes

## Smallpeice 2021

- ECS say they want to do it anyway
- They will still fund it with only 30
- Use Building 100?
- Organise meeting with Reena + Son
    - Introduction to new committee
    - Negotiate less work for the society
        - Dan worked too much and burned out
        - Things are more complicated
        - We can facilitate, but we can't necessarily book spaces, talk to catering service etc.
- Ideally 1 team = 1 flat
- Mentors could be put in a flat with their team
- Need to sort out issues board for SP2021
    - Migrate issues if relevant
    - The sooner it's ready, the sooner people will close the issues
        - There's time to show people what to do + how

## Activities + events

### Python programming

- Want to revive 'Python: a whirlwind tour'
    - Split into 3 stages:
        1. Python basics for people who've never programmed
        2. Python for people who know some python or have programmed before
        3. Advanced python - metaclasses, types etc.
    - Theme things about robotics
        - Simulated 'robot' moving around grid on the terminal

### J5

- Ask Dan to come in and talk about it

### Game design

- Alistair talked about it last year
    - Game manager every year
- Be clear about length of talk (5-10min or 30?)

### 3D printing + laser cutting

- Official ECS training
- Put it on `native.susu.org`?
- Technicians are happy to do it if you ask them
    - Maybe not if it's open to everyone
    - Have to go through their office and use the laser cutter there
    - Find out:
        - Are they happy to do it?
        - Are they allowed to do it?

### Remote robot programming

- Would need someone to get a robot
- Large floor space

## Room

> Hi
I'm working on making sure societies can book spaces
I want to make sure the essential spaces are open
Is 53/5025 essential for SRO to run?

## Secretary

- Secretary requires a vote
- Vote requires an EGM
- EGM requires prior notice
- Using MS forms lets you prevent fraud by requiring one response

# To do

- Organise meeting with Reena + Son
    - Introduction to new committee
    - Negotiate less work for the society
        - Dan worked too much and burned out
        - Things are more complicated
        - We can facilitate, but we can't necessarily book spaces, talk to catering service etc.
- Need to sort out issues board for SP2021
    - Migrate issues if relevant
    - The sooner it's ready, the sooner people will close the issues
        - There's time to show people what to do + how
- Contact Anton/Jenny to transfer the bank account

## Freshers events

- Need to be done next Monday
- Python programming workshops
    - Split into 3 stages:
        1. Python basics for people who've never programmed
        2. Python for people who know some python or have programmed before
        3. Advanced python - metaclasses, types etc.
    - Theme things about robotics
        - Simulated 'robot' moving around grid on the terminal
- Send in the code and we run it on the robot
    - Would need someone to get a robot from airport lounge
    - Needs large floor space
- Talk to Alistair about game design talk
    - Alistair talked about it last year
        - Game manager every year
    - Be clear about length of talk (5-10min or 30?)
- ECS 3d printing + laser cutting training
- Make it only for the society
    - Have to go through their office and use the laser cutter there
    - Find out:
        - Are they happy to do it?
        - Are they allowed to do it?
