Extra Ordinary General Meeting

Members who attended:
* Tommy Poll 
* Mihai Stefan Merlas
* Jack Williamson

# Items that have been discussed #
## Opening an account with Metrobank ##
* We would like to open an account with Metrobank to replace Barclays as the account holder
* Meeting at 19th of September at Southampton city centre
* * It is currently at 13:00 but Stefan would like to do it at 5:00 so that he can book a half-day.
* We must bring the following:
* * Constitution
* * Minutes of this EGM
* * List of signatories
* * 1 proof of ID
* * 2 proofs of address
* The signatories are going to be:
* * Mihai Stefan Merlas
* * Tommy Poll
* The committiee is:
* * President - Tommy Poll
* * Treasurer - Mihai Stefan Merlas
* * Secretary - Jack Williamson

## Barclays ##
* Tommy is to call Barclays tomorrow to try to gain access to the account
* * This is with the Business Team
* * Opens at 9:00 and closes at 18:00
* We would liek to do this as we want to close the Barclays account and transfer the funds to the Metrobank account when it is open

## SUSU affiliation ##
* The "old committee" has lost access to the society control panel.
* SRO is still isted on SUSU's website
* It is not part of the adopt-a-society
* * It is unclear how we can gain access to the society. We may need to create a new society or we can only adopt it. 
* * Tommy is going to SUSU tomorrow in person to talk to someone in person. Hopefully the situation will be resolved. 
* * If SUSU asks for the bank account we will list the current Barclays account as the main account of the society.

## Bunfight ##
* It is going to be difficult this year as we only have 1 person (Tommy) who is available for bunfight
* We should ask Robosoc for help.
* * Maybe give them an additional slot for compensation
* Use ECS bunfight if all else fails. 
