# Society meeting held on 2021-08-24

## Attendees:
- Dan trickey
- Dan Hobson
- Mihai Stefan Merlas (Treasurer)
- Tommy Poll (President)

## Minutes
- Societies fair is on the wednesday and thursday of the last week of september. 
- Thurday 2nd of october, volunteering day that we should attend. 
- We should also attend the ECS bunfight.
  - we get more space

- Absolute main priority is to get more society members 
  - From the week before freshers we need to advertise on facebook
    - Do this daily 
    - Make Facebook posts about SP2019 and SP2021
    - Use Facebook advertising feature
  - Refreshed website for freshers and recruitment 
    - Promote recruitment video
  - Multiple freshers talks
  - Planned 12 weeks of events
    - Talks activity afternoons, etc 
    - "fun" days
  - Order polo shirts for the society 
    - Order from Carolines 
    - Must have SRO branding 
  - Microbots and rub-bots can be used
  - Construction day for making more rub-bots
  - We could potentially set-up a flagpole (that has an SRO branded flag) which is controllable using a joystick.
  - Python training course
    - Use code academy. 
    - Introduce the freshers to sbot. 

- Sign-up mechanism
  - Use mail chimp.
  - Use it for freshers events

- beyond freshers
  - Focus on two events.
  - Smallpiece
    - Volunteer competition or a scouts talk.

- Money
  - Ask Son, Reena, Joyce for support. 
  - Tommy has yet to transfer the bank account, but we may need to hold an AGM before the bank account is transfered. 
  - The approximate balance of the bank accoutn is £2000

- Branding
  - Sourcebots is the event, not the society. 
  - Produce 3 different kinds of leaflets
    - 3 different aspects of the society can be advertised using these leaflets.
    - Must have the complete list of events (and dates) at the back of these leaflets. 
    - We can target some of the advertising to former Smallpiece/SR competitors/volunteers. 
  - Roller banner needs to be redone.
    - Makes sure it has SRO branding   

- For the freshers week we need to sort out the cup-board. 

- Dan could run for secretary to satisfy SUSU requirements.

- Tommy tried to access the society post box but it was closed. 

## Action Points
- Talk to jenny about transferring the bank account.
- Hold an AGM.
- Decide dates for events.
- Start a design for the leaflets and roller poster.
- Start a design for the polo shirts. 
- Another planning meeting next week for freshers.
- Plan out the social media campaign. 
- Create a marketing video. 
- Use SRO/tasks from now on (unless if it is sourcebots related).
